It had been six whole months since we freed New
Vestroia from the Vestal lnvaders and the Vexos.
We were all back on Earth taking some much needed
chill out time with our Bakugan.
Life was realllly sweet.
So much time had passed that the troubles on
New Vestroia seemed like a distant memory...
...that is, until familiar face from past showed up.
Who's that?
I dunno. It kinda looks like...
Mira!
Hey stranger.
Miss me?
[\u266a]
King Zenoheld, I have a status report for you.
The Bakugan Terminator System is finally complete.
Our preliminary tests indicate that it is fully
functional and ready to go online.
Once activated, the BT System will destroy any
Bakugan caught within a six-thousand kilometer radius.
The only thing left to do is to gather Pyrus,
Subterra, Haos, Darkus, Aquos and Ventus.
The six superpower attribute energies needed
to charge the system.
It sounds like things are right on schedule.
Continue with your work.
As you wish, sir.
They may have forced me to leave Vestal,
but with the BT System, I'll have vengeance
against the Bakugan who disgraced me.
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in:
\"Six Degrees of Destruction\".
[\u266a]
Runo, Julie, you look great.
Aw thanks, Mira.
You look great too.
Did you do something with your hair?
You noticed!
Actually, I'm hoping Dan notices too.
Um...I'm sure he will.
What's with all the whispering.
Hey Mira, what's up with Baron and Ace?
How are they doing?
Oh, you know, settling back in to normal life.
Now that the Bakugan are free they must have a lot
of spare time like us.
Baron is busy helping out with his brothers and
sisters at home.
Ace, I haven't heard from in a while.
Elfin, what a lovely surprise.
Wilda, long time no speak...
Whoa!
Hi there Willda.
My name's Preyas. Pleased to meet you.
I hear I have you to thank for taking care of my
little Elfin here.
What do you mean by \" your little Elfin\"?
I'm not your little anything!
Don't you know it's rude to interrupt people when
they're talking?
Now, where were we?
Me rude?
I'm not the one invading people's personal space!
Space?
I'll knock you into outer space?
Hey guys. Break it up.
He/She started it!
Greetings, Wilda.
I am Tigrerra.
Thank you for rescuing me after I was captured by
the Vexos.
I will return the favor.
I am Gorem.
We've heard so much about you.
It's an honor to meet you.
Please, the honor is mine.
I'm very happy to be here.
So Mira...
...Tell us what's been happening in Vestal since
we parted ways back in New Vestroia?
Yeah, I've been dying to know what happened to that
creep Prince Hydron and his Vexos goons.
Wow, where do I start?
As soon as we returned to Vestal we were invited to
go on the evening news in order to tell our story.
While we were gone, several rumors had been circulating
about what was really happening in New Vestroia.
We went in front of the cameras live,
to tell the people of Vestal the truth.
Citizens, we are the Bakugan Resistance and
we're here to tell you that you've been lied to.
King Zenoheld and Prince Hydron wanted you to
believe that we traveled to New Vestroia to settle
there, when in fact their true intention was to
conquer that world.
An army of thugs known as the Vexos were dispatched
to capture the Bakugan inhabitants of New
Vestroia, after which they were brainwashed and
forced to do battle in the arenas for sport.
These battles were used to distract the public from
learning Zenoheld's true motives.
But perhaps the biggest lie told was that the
Bakugan were brainless, savage beasts.
The Bakugan are not monsters.
They are intelligent, sensitive beings like us.
What Mira says is true.
Bakugan and Vestals are alike and we wish to live
together in peace.
Did those Bakugan just speak?
I think they did, but how can that be?
Of course the Royal Family immediately denied everything.
They said the talking Bakugan was some kind of
Television trick done with sound effects.
CROWD: \"Free the Bakugan!\"
\"Shame on Zenoheld for lying to his people!\"
\"Down with the Royal Family!\"
Luckily for us, the people believed that we were the
ones telling the truth.
And they all banded together to rise up and fight.
So then...
...what happened to King Zenoheld and Prince Hydron?
They disappeared one night under the cover of darkness.
You mean someone kidnapped them?
No, they fled before they could be captured and held
accountable for their crimes.
King Zenoheld, Prince Hydron and the Vexos all
escaped inside the Royal Palace.
Before anyone realized what was happening,
it was too late to stop them.
I can't believe King Zenoheld is such a chicken.
King Zenoheld is no coward.
He wasn't running away to hide out in some dark
corner of the galaxy.
Just after his escape the resistance learned that he
was preparing to hatch an even bigger plan.
That would make him the ruler of everything and everyone.
But that's crazy.
There's no way we can sit by and let that happen.
But how are we supposed to stop him if we don't even
know where he is.
He could be anywhere.
Well, we aren't 100% certain that it's true.
It would be a difficult task to accomplish even
for Zenoheld.
Let's hope for our sakes it's just a rumor.
Excuse me ladies and gentlemen.
I'd like to thank you for your patience and let you
know that we'll be preparing to land shortly.
Wow, Earth is so beautiful from up here.
Marucho and his family have this entire place to themselves?
You think this is impressive.
Wait 'til you see the inside.
In honor of Mira's visit, it seemed only natural
that we celebrate.
I've had a little snack prepared for us in the ballroom.
I wasn't sure what you liked so my chef prepared everything.
[Giddy and excited and banter]
Thanks Marucho.
Um...guys...did you just see...Hey, wait up!
[\u266a]
Tell me I'm not dreaming.
You're not dreaming.
Everyone has this reaction the first time.
Can you blame them?
Is this the ballroom, Marucho?
Oh, my goodness.
It's absolutely gorgeous.
You're hilarious, Mira.
How many ballrooms would have a toilet in the
center of the room?
This is the bathroom, silly.
The ballroom is this way.
Wow, this all looks so fabulous.
Take it easy, Julie.
Where are your manners?
This is Mira's party.
Oh right. Sorry.
To friendship!
Welcome back Mira.
Thank-you guys.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Julie, Runo.
I brought gifts for you.
Here.
Are those what I think they are?
Wow. Gauntlets!
Awesome. Can you say coolest ?
Thank-you, Mira.
[\u266a]
Based on the information gathered by our
technicians we've calculated what we believe
to be the six correct frequencies to reach the
intended targets.
Hmmm. You had better hope that this works.
Attention! Begin transmission.
Beginning transmission, sir.
[\u266a]
Are you receiving the same message that I am?
It would appear that King Zenoheld is challenging us
to a battle.
I hear it too.
He is demanding that we surrender our six
attribute energies to him.
He is also saying that if we refuse,
he will destroy all of the Bakugan.
Hmmph. Surely he is mad.
I say we ignore him.
But Clayf, what if his threat is real.
It's possible that he is lying and that this is
some kind of a trap.
But still, we cannot let a threat against the lives
of the Bakugan go unanswered.
The Six Ancient Warriors are about to throw down old school.
Don't miss it.
Always keep your eye on your enemy and your head
in the battle. Bakugan Brawl!
Ah, the Six Ancient Warriors.
You've accepted my invitation.
I was worried that perhaps you wouldn't show and that
I'd be forced to come and find you.
[laughs]
You are sadly mistaken, my foolish man.
We are not agreeing to your invitation.
We came only to address the threat that you made
against the Bakugan.
Once activated, the BT System will destroy any
Bakugan caught within a six-thousand kilometer radius.
The only thing left to do is to gather Pyrus,
Subterra, Haos, Darkus, Aquos and Ventus.
The six superpower attribute energies needed
to charge the system.
This BT System of yours.
The one you designed to destroy Bakugan.
Why we would ever allow you to have our six
attribute energies to power such a device?
Well, I must confess I knew,
I knew you wouldn't give them up without a fight.
Luckily for me I have never been one to shy away
from battle.
No matter who my opponents may be.
Luckily for you , I am also a reasonable man, and
because of that I am offering you this one last chance
to surrender your attribute energies to me peacefully.
Do you really believe that you are strong enough to
take on the six of us on by yourself?
I have no doubt.
Gauntlet activated.
Gauntlet, Power Strike.
You may think that as Ancients you have the
advantage over me, but I will show you that you are wrong.
And that nothing can match the strength,
stealth and speed of Vestal technology.
Gate card, set!
[\u266a]
I unleash Farbros.
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
[Roar]
Bakugan stand complete.
Farbros has been deployed, sir.
Systems check shows everything in working order, sir.
After studying all of the data collected from each
of the Bakugan we threw in New Vestroia,
we have finally created the ultimate weapon.
The mechanical, Farbros.
It is a name that will be known and feared
throughout the realms.
I'll remind everyone that if we lose this...
...it means not only the loss of our attribute
energies but also the extinction of the Bakugan race.
Then losing isn't an option.
Is it?
[\u266a]
[Exedra Roar]
[Oberus screech]
[\u266a]
[Apollonir Roar]
King Zenoheld, Farbros' Battle Balance Program
hasn't finished yet, so his response time will
only be functioning at approximately 90%.
I think you should be aware of this.
I'm not concerned.
The only true measure of Farbros' abilities will
come in battle.
Alright, you ancient fools!
Ability activate!
Twin Horn Pulsar!
[\u266a]
[grunt]
Whoa!
Atomic Blade!
This isn't working.
It's no good.
Now it's my turn to have a go.
Aquos Cyclone!
You think you're so clever.
Double ability activate!
Abiltiy Card, set.
Fire Spartan! Plus Super Cell!
[mighty roar]
Somebody help me here.
Valkyrie Barrier!
Thanks Lars Lion.
Just in time.
Nebulas Hammer!
[\u266a]
What the...?
You'll pay for this.
You were foolish to think that a mechanical beast
was any match for a living,
breathing creature with a heart and soul.
Your tremendous arrogance will be your downfall.
Hmmph.
We'll see.
Gate card open!
Land Pressure!
He blindsided us with that move.
I...can't...move...
Let me try something else.
Aquos...
Too late! Ability Activate!
Garland Claw!
Watch out!
[pain]
[Grunts and exertion]
[Screams and pain]
[\u266a]
Hmmph. This is easier than I thought.
Perhaps I'll start my collection with the Ventus
and Aquos energies.
Not so fast.
Maximum Pyrus.
[\u266a]
Sagitarius Arrow.
What's happening?
My Gate Card should have paralyzed you.
Why didn't it work?
Hah.
Frosch was just a little bit faster than you.
[Laughs]
Let me try something else.
Aquos...
Okay! Ability Activate!
Ripple!
Garland Claw!
By being just a split second faster than you,
I was able to nullify your Gate Card.
So you were able to resurrect any fallen
Bakugan, my friends.
Perhaps you deserve more credit than I've given you.
But I'm not going to let you win.
I think that's enough for the systems test,
Professor.
As you wish, sir.
The Assail System is ready, sir.
Just give us the word.
I trust that you overheard that good news, sir.
Farbros!
Assail formation!
[\u266a]
Locking on docking sensor.
Farbros! Take off!
[\u266a]
The Assail Farbros...is complete!
They've combined?
His power level has far exceeded ours.
No.
We can't let this happen.
Valkyrie Barrier!
Blast Storm!
Aquos Cyclone!
Great Axe!
[\u266a]
How pathetic.
Is that the extent of the Six Ancient Warriors super
power attribute energies?
[Grunt]
Everyone!
We must combine strength.
CLAYF: Apollonir!
FROSCH: Together...
OBERUS: We give...
EXEDRA: Our strength...
LARS LION: To you!
[Roar]
Infinity Waiver!
You wanted our energy?
Here it is!
[grunting, exertion]
Damage Level E.
Main Vernier malfunction.
[\u266a]
Battle Unit 70% Damaged.
Activate recovery system.
Okay.
Ability Activate.
Farbros XM!
Recovery system activated.
Repairing damage done by Valkyrie Barrier,
Aquos Cyclone, Great Axe...
[\u266a]
Graviton Wizard!
Maximum Revolution!
[\u266a]
Ability Activate!
Shadow Blast!
[\u266a]
[Pain/exertion]
Farewell relics.
Ability Activate.
Shiny Orichalcum!
[Pain/exertion]
This might be the end.
But if he defeats us...
Our six attribute energies will be taken and the
Bakugan destroyed.
No!
We mustn't give up!
Not yet!
[\u266a]
What?
They've disappeared.
Whah...what's happening to me?
I feel strange too.
Like I'm burning up.
Now it's got me.
Preyas, do you feel it?
Huh?
Me? No, I feel fine.
Elfin, what's wrong?
Huh?
Tigrerra, do you feel it?
No, I don't feel a thing.
This is the strangest thing.
Are you okay Drago, buddy?
Guys, Ingram doesn't look so good.
Oh Elfin!
Wilda!
[\u266a]
Whah? Where the heck are we?
Dan!
Drago!
Over here.
Dan!
I don't want to panic, guys, but this place is freaking me out.
Us too.
Barron? Ace? How did you guys get here?
[\u266a]
Who are those guys?
It is the Six Ancient Warriors.
Drago, you and your friends must listen carefully.
We were defeated in battle by King Zenoheld.
You fought Zenoheld?
What he desired from us...
...was to take our Six Attribute Energies.
He needed them to power the Bakugan Termination
System, a device he created to destroy all
Bakugan.
To keep them free from Zenoheld's clutches,
we are entrusting you with our Six Attribute Energies.
[\u266a]
What's happening to us?
[Exertion]
[Roar]
[\u266a]
This is some craziness I wasn't expecting.
[Mighty Roar]
Guys, look at them.
It's like they've all...evolved.
Remember Brawlers, you and your Bakugan are our last
hope against Zenoheld.
Only you can stop him and his weapon of mass Bakugan
destruction.
Good luck.
We're counting on you.
Dan! Marucho!
Oh man. I feel like I got hit by a truck.
All of you fell to the floor suddenly and were unconscious.
That was the most bizarre thing ever.
[Groan]
Was it...a dream?
That was no dream.
Just look at how we've changed.
[\u266a]
Drago's right.
It was all real.
It's not a rumor.
That stuff about King Zenoheld is true.
And it's up to us to put an end to his plan!
Hey, Baron here.
After talking to Ace, I've decided to get my own place.
Our house is just too small for me and my family.
I know my brothers and sisters will be sad to see
me leave, but we'll still hang out lots.
Is that Prince Hydron?
Man I'd like to smoke that turkey.
I'll have to be careful though.
He's a fierce brawler and I don't want Nemus to get burned.
Don't miss what happens next!
The action will be out of this world.
It'll be so bangin' you won't believe it.
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]